Nosgoth finally brings in the new
prophet class for the human side rise of
incarnate starts its alpha testing and
hazard ops gives you 28 ways to die in
closed beta well sure what's happening
guys is James blonde anymore comma the
quick weekly recap for MMO news and
announcements for the weekend in June
second 2014 at our first bit of news
this week is letting you guys know if
you haven't found out already that magic
a wizard wars is in open beta bringing
with it a brand-new mat now the
changeover to open beta actually
introduces quite a bit of new content
including new robes staffs unique skins
and a new magic called raise dead which
you can probably guess what that is he
calls forth zombies like to hunt down
your enemies the new wizard warfare map
takes place in a dark cave that makes
the spell effects in the game shine
pretty nicely you're looking for a fast
paced action PvP game that's heavily
skill-based and genuinely challenging
now's your chance to give this game a
shot another game headed to open beta
this month is lego minifigures online
from funcom that we don't have an exact
day to which it starts open beta is
coming and to kick it off put out this
new video showing you the medieval world
in this massive Lego realm out of all
the Lego world's available this is
probably one that best resembles the
typical fantasy style i'm amar PG just
with well you know legos if you're
interested in the game keep an eye out
at MMO has come for the official launch
date of open beta which we assume is
probably going to be around mid month
just a little update on heroes in
generals Patton update this past week
they released another huge content
update with new Russian weapons weapon
personalization captured enemy weapons
and more than 200 new battlefields on
the campaign map a level design team has
also been hard at work revamping the
mountain village map a landscape and
train station area has received the most
prominent facelifts
they've definitely started releasing way
more updates and changes to the game
than they have in the past check out the
latest dev vlog to get a nice overview
of what they've added and changed so far
next up gazillion entertainment is
lining up for a new launch for Marvel
heroes branding coinciding with a
one-year anniversary milestone on june
fourth calling it Marvel heroes 2015 to
nicely represent everything they've
accomplished and intend to accomplish in
one name this major change over includes
even more game content including in-game
raids alternate advancement systems and
other various editions so they say it's
a bit hard to conclude as to how big of
a scale the change is going to be but
they do have a nice new teaser here
showing off a prelude to what's coming
starting with a new in-game raid against
the ruler of the fire demons himself
search her well it looks like some of
those kickass summer games I told you
guys about are starting to show up now
first off we've got zmr starting closed
beta as of May 27th and from the looks
of things you're still able to sign up
and receive the First Blood Pact that
you can use throughout until all the way
till the open beta this past week they
released a new trailer showing off
various game modes available and how to
avoid dying in them you know i'm not
sure what it is but these trailers make
me want to watch some classic ren and
stimpy to keep the bad guys out but no
barricade and it's just me but on a very
similar note in fact it's the same game
different place hazard Ops has started
its closed beta in Europe his past week
as well the same game as IAM are just
published by infernum in Europe under a
different name the content available is
a little bit different than zmr with
hazard ops the first phase will be
focused on PvE missions having them deal
with mutant explosive dogs biting at
their legs armored zombies laughing at
machine guns n of course meet grinding
traps to watch out for the new video
promoting the closed beta shows you 28
ways to die in closed beta my favorite
bitch slap
rough way to die another kick-ass Summer
Games showing up is rising con it's
created by some of the developers behind
Tekken and soul calibur this 2d to arena
battle game just started up its first
alpha test this past weekend from May
thirtieth the June first the game seems
to be in fairly early development and
several players have mentioned some
crashes and bugs but that stuff should
get cleared up along with more outfit
tests coming available in the future but
now it looks like they're going to
happen on the weekends so an eye out for
those for sure excited for this one now
it looks pretty intense next up a week
or two ago fear online popped up once
again almost out of nowhere going into
closed beta immediately but as of now as
a few days ago anyway the beta is no
longer restricted access so in other
words it's already in open beta player
feedback from the Alpha was used to help
redesign and adjust the gameplay to
hopefully offer the unique FPS
experience the devs were going for so
the game now has new maps a new scenario
and redesigned crafting system which
allows players to make a one-of-a-kind
weapon check the link description below
to download and check out the game
yourself also last week a guys and
entertainment announced that war thunder
is launching on the ps4 free-to-play on
jun 3rd now the cool thing about this is
that the game will take full advantage
of the ps4 features providing players
who have the playstation camera improved
head tracking system the game will
feature full 1080p resolution and even
cross-platform play against pc players
which is always good the other cool part
is that launched on the ps4 will also
include the ground forces expansion
opening all aspects of the game to
several million more players worldwide
and speaking of ground forces my comm is
going to be at e3 showing off some sick
games one of which is armored warfare
last week they launched the teaser
trailer revealing a bit more gameplay
footage prior to the big reveal planned
at e3 they've made a few changes in
expanded on the game's official website
now you can sign up for the beta which
may be sooner than we expected but all I
can say is that out of all the tank
warfare games I'm liking the fast-paced
nature of this one seems like it has a
nice arcade look to it and again
speaking of war games and III wargaming
is planning some big world of warships
stuff at e3 what we can tell they've
started up a new dev diary series on the
game and the first one introduces the
research behind the game and the
tactical approaches players are able to
take in battle the new video gets you
started understanding how the balancing
works between the four different types
of ships you can choose from right now
but in case you're wondering they're not
putting submarines in the game check out
the dev diary to find out why next up
perfect world entertainment announced
last week that swordsman online is
entering closed beta from june sixteenth
through june twenty seventh and if you
register now you'll receive access to
the game and not have to wait around to
get chosen for access we didn't have a
date before and now we do so if you sign
up early you get access to exclusive
items it over to the mmm what site post
right here more details a way to sign up
and finally for our last bit of news
Square Enix and psionics finally bring
us the latest playable character for the
humans in nosgoth the prophet I've got
to Mitch it's pretty badass prophets use
tainted blood as weapons their bullets
carry wicked hexes that are capable of
repelling or weakening
hackers wear their second ability she's
able to rip life force from a target
vampire in order to heal and she's also
got a sacrifice that channels health
into a target teammate at the expense of
a portion of her own of course it's also
cool that she's set up with the dual
flintlock pistols hopefully after e3 we
can get you guys more keys to get into
the game but until then guys that's
about it for this week's MMO news and
announcements if you're looking for more
information regarding the news in the
video check the links in the description
below otherwise head over to mMOHut
statcom / news for even more MMO news
feel free to discuss the news in the
comments below or head over to mMOHut
SATCOM / forums until next time guys
that's going to be it for me I'm James
blonde see out there gamers